Update cookbook for -JP (#2801)
GenericMappingTools/gmt: doc/rst/source/cookbook/coordinate_transformations.rst

-  scale in inches/unit (**-Jp**) or full width of plot in inches (**-JP**)

-  Optionally, append **+a** to indicate CW azimuths rather than CCW directions

> -  Optionally, append **+o**\ *origin* in degrees to indicate an angular offset [0]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  Optionally, append **+o**\ *origin* in degrees to indicate a CW (or CCW if **+a** iset set) angular offset [0]
```
